Time's up!
The game is over!
I held out! I held on to the 200 million!
Resolution
Who are you?
I'm from the Liar Game Tournament Office.
The game has just concluded.
I'm here to collect the game money.
Oh! So you're the collector?!
I can give you the game money right now!
Here you are!
You held on to all 200 million?
I'm going to have to verify
the serial numbers.
Go right ahead!
Just to be sure, I really do get
100 million out of this, right?
Yes.
Once it's verified, I'll take the
100 million you were given,
and the remaining 100 million is yours.
I did it!
A hundred million yen!
A hundred million yen is mine!
You done yet?
I have to check 20,000 bills.
Please give me some time.
A hundred million! A hundred million!
What'll I spend it on?!
With 100 million, I can
easily pay off all my debts!
I can't wait to see the look
on the debt collectors' faces
when I say I've got the money!
Maybe I'll make them grovel for it!
Oh, and women!
I'll rent out a hostess club,
have them all serve me,
and blow ten million in a night!
I've always wanted to do
something like that!
Who's there?
We're from the Liar Game
Tournament Office.
The game is officially over,
so we're here to collect your game money.
Actually, your colleague
arrived a little while ago.
He's verifying the money now.
We are the only collectors.
That can't be true!
He's right here, working away at—
Akiyama?!
As for the 200 million...
Here you are.
W-W-Wait a minute!
You've lost, Fujisawa.
You screwed up right at the very end...
when you gave the 200 million
to me, the fake collector.
We're from the Liar Game
Tournament Office.
We're here to collect your game money.
R-Right...
This doesn't count!
He took the money from me
after the game was already over!
This is all because you idiots were late!
We came precisely at 6:00
according to schedule.
What? 6:00?
Huh? Six?
It wasn't six! It was five!
The card you sent me says so right there!
You're mistaken, Fujisawa.
That card's also a fake.
I sent it to you.
The real one is right here.
Game Ends in 7 Days
Kazuo Fujisawa
Nao Kanzaki
We will collect the money at 6:00 PM on June 14th. The game will end then.
"We will collect the money
at 6:00 PM on June 14th."
"The game will end then."
See?
It was right there in your mailbox,
one week before the game was over.
But because you spent all day
every day holed up in your house,
you rarely checked your mail.
The reason you were watching
me all this time...
Why you said you had a
plan to get into the safe...
It was all a trick to make me
too scared to leave this room.
All so you could swap out the
instructions about the final day.
A trap...
Akiyama-san swapped the cards?
Sorry about that.
When she first told me about the game,
I was intrigued by the fact that
the game's only progress reports
came in the form of these
"laughing angel" cards.
It seemed exploitable.
I just needed to figure out one thing:
How well could I deceive you
about the collection time?
My bluff scared you enough that you
stayed cooped up in this room.
You thought you were protecting the money,
but that was how I was able
to swap out the cards so easily.
You were so on edge about the
possibility of me stealing the cash
that you dropped your guard completely
the second you thought you were home free.
You never even suspected the progress
report or the collector could be fake.
As a result, you lost
right at the very end.
We've verified it.
This is the 200 million yen
we gave you both at the start.
Take this 100 million yen as your prize.
I... I won!
A-Akiyama-san, your 50 million.
Oh, right.
You changed the collection
time from six to five...
And you even fooled me?
It was your genuine expression of despair
that made Fujisawa so sure he'd won.
You can't fake that kind of emotion.
Well, I suppose not.
What's going to happen to Fujisawa-sensei?
Who knows? Dark days are ahead, I'm sure.
Hey. Where are you going?
Kanzaki?
Fifty million yen.
My entire share of the
winnings from this game.
You...
Please, use it all.
It'll only cover half
of your debt, I know...
But please promise me something.
What you said about people
not being trustworthy...
Never say anything so sad ever again!
Okay.
I promise I won't.
Give that to Fujisawa, too.
But Akiyama-san, this is your 50 million.
We had a deal, didn't we?
That we'd split your gains evenly.
Since you didn't come out a single yen
ahead, I can't possibly accept payment.
He was looking away, but in that
moment, he looked terribly kind.
Perhaps he'd never intended
to keep the money.
It made it hard to believe
he had ever run a con.
"I want to know more about him."
For a passing moment,
that thought entered my mind.
I hope Fujisawa-sensei goes back to
the wonderful teacher he used to be.
Sheesh. I'm not sure he was
so great to begin with.
He was a good teacher!
He just had a run of bad
luck that set him back.
I don't believe there's anyone
in this world who's all bad.
Man, not a care in the world...
I have to thank you somehow, Akiyama-san!
You spent a whole month helping me out.
Forget all that.
I can't! I have to do something for you.
I have about 50,000 yen from the
job I worked over spring break.
I told you to forget it.
Fifty thousand yen, fifty thousand yen!
Ms. Nao Kanzaki
Welcome to Round 2
"Congratulations on winning
round 1 of the Liar Game."
Congratulations on Winning Round 1 of the Liar Game
Round 2 will begin at the date, time, and place listed here.
Please scan this QR code
Please be on time. If you fail to appear at the designated time and location, you will be disqualified.
"Round 2 will begin at the date,
time, and place listed here."
"You may also elect to drop out."
"If you return half of your
winnings from the first round,
you can leave the game entirely."
In your case...
That'd be 50 million yen.
I can't come up with 50 million.
"If a player fails to appear
at the designated location,
we will seize the entirety
of their winnings thus far."
In your case...
That'd be 100 million yen.
I say ignore it.
Legally speaking, the contents
of this letter are nonsense.
Stay out of it from now on.
But...
My cell phone number.
If you need to talk, I'll lend an ear.
I decided to ignore the message,
as Akiyama-san suggested.
Still, I doubt the tournament office
will make things that easy for me.
At the same time, I can't pay
back the 50 million yen...
No, I can't.
I was never able to thank Akiyama-san.
I can't rely on him for anything more.
I absolutely cannot!
Who is it?
Hello there!
You're that lawyer!
Well, I happened to be
in the neighborhood.
I suppose I felt bad that
I couldn't help you before...
What? You really got help
from a con artist?!
Yes. I don't know where I'd be
now if not for Akiyama-san.
That was a risky move.
But the tournament office
has sent me this...
So, what are you going to do?
Akiyama-san told me to ignore it.
He said it's not legally binding.
You're scared, aren't you?
What he said is common sense,
but it's stressful to just
lie down and do nothing.
The law isn't almighty, either.
Unscrupulous folks will
always find new loopholes
to exploit so they can
make their mischief.
Not even I can predict what the
tournament office might do next.
Really?
How about we threaten them?
Go to this Liar Game venue and
give them a piece of your mind.
"This is harassment!
If you don't leave me alone,
I'll tell the police and have
you arrested!" Like that.
If they still come by demanding money,
you can ask me for help.
I'd be happy to assist!
Okay! I'll do just that!
Do you need a consultation fee?
Oh, it's no problem.
Now, go and be firm with
the tournament office.
Good luck.
Thank you!
Thank goodness! He's such a nice lawyer!
Nao Kanzaki
Hello?
What's up?
Oh, Akiyama-san?
It looked like you called me earlier.
Oh, it's fine! I'm fine now!
I'm feeling a lot better.
I see.
Well, talk to you later!
Nao Kanzaki
I had made up my mind.
I was going to work this out on my own.
The game venue sure is far.
Don't tell me...
This place...
is the venue for the second round?
Akiyama-san
Ms. Nao Kanzaki?
Welcome to the second stage
of the Liar Game.
Right this way.
U-Um...
Leave me out of this now!
I won't take it!
If you harass me again, I'll sue you!
I'll even tell the police!
I already have a lawyer!
You really think this lawyer
of yours has a case?
Yes, that's right!
Ridiculous.
What kind of lawyer would
tell you something so silly?
Could he perhaps...
look something like this?
What are you doing here?!
You really are stupidly honest!
I'm not your damn lawyer!
I was a guide tasked with ushering
you to the start of this game!
I had been tricked again.
What are you crying for?
This is your chance to earn
a boatload of money!
Nao Kanzaki
There's something like a jewel on it.
This is the venue.
All of these people won the first round?
That's right.
Attention, everyone.
I appreciate your attendance here today.
I am the dealer of this game.
My name is Leronira.
The second round of
the Liar Game will now—
I'm playing, too.
Akiyama-san?
Why are you here?
I'll explain later.
I'm going to do everything in my power
to get you through this stupid game.
O-Okay...
With this latest arrival,
the second round will now be held
with the 22 people present.
As in the previous game,
you will each be given 100 million yen.
That makes a total of
2.2 billion in the venue.
All 22 players will compete
for this money.
However, you may not take
the money by force.
You must play a game.
This is an elimination tournament.
Losing players must exit the venue
and leave their 100 million yen behind.
As the game proceeds,
the number of players will decrease,
until the last remaining player
takes possession of all 2.2 billion.
A fine deal, wouldn't you say?
You'll be required to return the initial
100 million you borrowed,
but the winner will finish
the game with 2.1 billion.
What a truly lucky group you are!
I-I can't do this!
What's the matter, No. 14?
I... can't win.
I'm a woman and I'm not very strong.
I can't carry 100 million yen around
all day while playing a game.
There's no need to worry.
You've already been given
your 100 million.
The name tag pinned to your shirt...
Do you see the pink
gemstone embedded in it?
That is an extremely precious
pink diamond.
Tetsuzo Sato
It is worth 100 million yen.
What?!
No way!
That name tag will serve as
your game money for this round.
Only the winner will be able
to convert the gems into cash.
Excuse me.
The winner gets to proceed
to the third round, right?
That is up to the player.
They may proceed to the third round,
or they may pay half of their
2.1 billion winnings—
that is, 1.05 billion yen—to drop out.
Excuse me!
What happens to the losers?
Nothing in particular.
However...
Because their starting
100 million yen was a loan,
we will need to be reimbursed.
"Return what you've been lent."
That's common sense, don't you think?
We will be taking it back...
by any means necessary.
Now, let me explain the game
in which you will all participate.
It is called...
"Minority Rule."
M-Minority Rule?
What's that?
No idea.
You're familiar with the term
"majority rule," I'm sure.
We truly live in the age of majority rule.
The majority holds all the power,
leaving the minority at a disadvantage.
But the game you're about
to play is the exact opposite!
The majority will die,
and the minority will survive!
That is the Minority Rule game!
Next Time
Minority Rule